add menstrual proj (#15)
NeuroHackademy2025/projects: README.md

**Project url**: https://github.com/NeuroHackademy2025/fmri_animal_model_translation \
**Contributors**: [Yashoda Krishna Das](https://github.com/Ykd-stat24), [Anudeep Vadrevu](https://github.com/Anudeep2205), [Mert Ozkan](https://github.com/mert-ozkan) & [Giulia Vasirani](https://github.com/Vassy-neuro/)

### Aperiodic Signatures of Hormonal Contraceptive Use in Resting-State EEG
**Description** Using features from resting state EEG (eyes open and closed) to predict contraceptive use (vs non use) 
**Project URL** https://github.com/ekaplan7/menstrual-aperiodic

> **Contribiutors**: Liz Kaplan (https://github.com/ekaplan7/), Nicole Liddle, Aleyna Gross 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Aperiodic Signatures of Hormonal Contraceptive Use in Resting-State EEG
**Description** Using features from resting state EEG (eyes open and closed) to predict contraceptive use (vs non use) \
**Project URL** https://github.com/ekaplan7/menstrual-aperiodic \
**Contributors**: Liz Kaplan (https://github.com/ekaplan7/), Nicole Liddle, Aleyna Gross 
```
